Title: Webcamoid 8.7.1 released!  
Date: 2019-10-22  
Summary: Bug fixes for Mac and Windows.  

## VERY IMPORTANT ADVICE PLEASE READ!!!

** To solve all the bugs mentioned bellow, please remove all virtual cameras and create a new one. **

## Bug fixes targeting Mac

This release was specially intended to fix bugs impacting Mac users experience.  

The first and most important bug to fix was a memory grow that happened when the video frames was sent to the virtual camera but the program in the other side was slow receiving them, what happened was that since the target program was slow, Webcamoid was keep sending the frames, but the frames keep accumulating because the target program was not able to process them. This problem was solved by syncing the frames so now Webcamoid will wait until the frames are processed.  

The second problem to solve is that in order to have access to the camera in newer Mac releases the user need to give capture permissions to the program so it can capture from the camera. This problem has been fixed too.  

And finally, there has been some experiments trying to bring camera controls support (contrast brightness, gamma, etc.) without much luck. The methods used could conflict with AVFoundation API, so the controls are disabled for now.

## Bug fixes targeting Mac and Windows

In older versions of the virtual camera for Mac and Windows, the default frame of the virtual camera plugin was loaded from the resources embedded in the binary, but since the internal resources format was tied to Qt, if Qt changed the internal format of the resources the plugin won't be able to load the resources because the plugin does not make use of Qt.  
Instead of doing some hackery to load the frame from resources, the plugins will load the frames directly from file.  
