Title: Webcamoid 8.6.0 released!  
Date: 2019-03-05  
Summary: Daily builds, better GStreamer support, many fixes for MacOS.  

## Test the latest changes with the daily builds

Until 8.5.0 the only way of trying new changes in Webcamoid was [compiling it](https://github.com/webcamoid/webcamoid/wiki/Raw-build-and-install), and that means you need to setup a full development environment installing an IDE and configuring it, installing the required libraries, modifying the environment variables and so on. Even when Webcamoid is not that hard to build once you have everything you need, setting up all prerequisites can be overwhelming for non technical users. Otherwise, the only way of testing new things was waiting for a new release, that could take weeks, months or even years.  
From now on, you don't need to wait for a new release anymore, you can test all latest changes in the daily [build repository](https://bintray.com/webcamoid/webcamoid/webcamoid/daily/link).

## Improved GStreamer support

In older versions when you set GStreamer as recording engine only the primary codecs were enabled, that is the codecs that GStreamer consider well tested, the problem is that many formats and codecs were missing, now the threshold is more relaxed and secondary plugins are supported too, so now you have a broader spectrum of codecs to choose from when recording. Also segfaults and memleaks were fixed.

## Fixed segfaults and memory leaks in MacOS

Imagine being working for more than a year in a release, you be tested everything and everything seems to be right and working ok, no problems running the binary packages, but at the moment of uploading the binary packages... baam! users report that they can't launch the program, you check everything and again nothing is wrong. It seems that some incompatibilities related to using a too recent version of MacOS to build Webcamoid caused problems in the target systems. To avoid this problem, from now on all MacOS binaries are build in older MacOS versions.  
Finally, a there was a memleak when playing a webcam, a video or the desktop, this bug was also solved.
